--- PAGE 1 ---
Misr Trade & Investment (MTI) represents a group of organizations with 
diversified fields of operations, working under the supervision of a 
highly experienced and reputed management. The diversification of this 
group is the consequence of the visionary leadership and their 
determination to progress. 
 
Our Vision 
Empower people by bringing inspiration & innovation to their life 
enabling them to live better & easily. 
 
Our Mission 
To be the #1 company in the MENA region during the upcoming 5 years 
by providing latest technology solutions serving humanity in different 
aspects in order to facilitate their life with continuous development. 
 
Group Business Profile 
--- PAGE 2 ---
MTI Group Structure 

--- PAGE 3 ---
Business Achievements  
97,500 Network Ports | 6,265,000 USD 
16,900 Processors Configured | 6,972,000 USD 
12,500 Screens & Consoles |7,815,000 USD 
159,000 Terabytes installed | 8,400,000 USD 
2,925 Units Commissioned | 9,637,500 USD 
97,650 Terminals Installed | 13,467,000 USD 
15,600 Km of Cable |13,785,000 USD 
313,200 Surveillance Equipment and Devices | 65,950,000 USD Surveillance Solutions: 
Access Control 
Solutions: 
Physical Security 
Systems: 
Enterprise Networks: 
Data Center 
Infrastructure: 
Command & Control 
Solution: 
Storage Installed: 
Passive Infrastructure: 
5 Years Project’s Business Achievements  
~143.69 Million USD Turnover. 
A total of ~715,275 terminal, port, cameras, screens, storages and 
kilometres of cables installed 
5 
Years 
Smart Cities, City Operations, Ticketing | 11,400,000 USD Smart Solutions: 

--- PAGE 4 ---
MTI – At A Glance ! 
Established by Mr. Omran Awadein 
in 1969 with Headquarters in Cairo,  
Egypt. 
Annual Group Turnover Exceeding 
5 Billion Egyptian Pounds  
Supplier of Security &  
Enterprise Communication Egypt 
No. 4 
Washing Machines Market  
1,000+ Employees, 25% of whom are engaged in 
Sales, 60% of staff are Engineering Staff 
50+ Years of Local & Regional 
Business Presence  
1969  
5 Billion EGP 
No. 1 
1000 + Employees 
50+ Years in Business  
1969 
International Presence 
Extended  networks to cover 
more than 6 countries 
Market Segments 
Segmented Customer Base 
 SOHO & SME  
 LME  
 Wholesale 
 Retail 
 Key Accounts 
 End Users 
3000+ Retailers Directly Connected 
--- PAGE 5 ---
MTI Software Solutions & 
Platforms 
--- PAGE 6 ---
Fields of Operations 
CCTV Surveillance 
MTI has extensive experience in providing 
CCTV surveillance solutions ranging from 
typical to highly sophisticated ones. 
Access Control 
Together with industry leading 
technology partners, MTI can provide 
Advanced Physical and Electronic 
Access Control Solution 
Smart and Safe Cities 
MTI is proud to be engaged in Egypt’s first 
Smart and Safe City project (ACUD).  
Perimeter Security Solutions 
MTI Solution brings together different detection and tracking devices 
such as Ground/Marine Radar, Multi Sensor Long Range Cameras, 
Thermal Cameras under a single visualization pane. 
1 Port Security 
Provide State-of art solution for the Sea and Air Ports designed to lower 
security risk, and enhance  situational awareness. 
Video Analytics 
Employing our Ai Analytical Proficiencies in Security solutions we 
incorporate features like Face recognition, Personal tracking, Vehicle 
tracking, Weapon detection solutions etc. 
2 Intelligent Traffic and Tolling Solutions 
By combining security, Ai – Vehicle classification and real- time toll billing 
systems we provide a customized solution for Tolling, Smart Ticketing & Toll 
collection systems 
Cyber ​​Security 
Complete portfolio of Cyber Security Solutions ranging from 
End Point, Application, Network, OT. 
Technology Integration 
A focused and concise approach to address complex Integration 
challenges across diverse platforms from our reputed Global 
Technology Partners. 
 
3 
4 
--- PAGE 7 ---
International Partners Solutions & Partners 
            
          
        
  
Solutions CCTV VMS Access 
Control BMS Radars ICT & Cyber 
Security 
Physical 
Security 
Smart 
City/IoT 

--- PAGE 8 ---
Tailor Made Solutions 
C4I Systems Tolling/Ticketing /Parking 
(Traffic Management Solutions) 
Track IT 
(Visitors Management & Personals 
Tacking Solutions) 
Ai Analytics  
(Forensic Customized Solution) 
Command, Control, 
Communications and Critical 
Infrastructure (C4I) systems. 
 
End-to-End C4I platform for 
seamless integrated operations 
for each building block of C4I 
infrastructure 
 
A new generation of Traffic 
Management solution.  
 
By combining security, Ai - Vehicle 
classification and real- time toll 
billing systems we Provide a 
customized solution for tolling. 
 
Smart Ticketing & Toll collection 
systems with Integrated 
ANPR/LPR System. 
 
One stop Solution for Smart Ai 
enabled  Automated Parking 
Visitors & Personal Management 
Solutions provides forehand visit 
registration, ID verification, Badges 
and customized internal 
Notification. 
 
Our Ai enabled solutions offer 
streamlined services, ongoing 
visitor data tracking, and additional 
features for improved visibility and 
informed decision making. 
Our expertise in Ai Analytics provides 
cutting edge solutions for Business / 
Operations challenges. 
 
Employing our Ai Analytical Proficiencies 
in Security solutions we incorporate 
features like Face recognition, Personal 
tracking, Vehicle tracking, Weapon 
detection solutions etc. 
 
MTI Software solutions provides 
Customized Industry-Specific Mission 
Critical Solutions. 
MTI Software Solution excel in 
understanding Operational challenges 
and innovating Industry leading 
solutions. 
--- PAGE 9 ---
Tolling/Ticketing /Parking 
(Traffic Management Solutions) 
Our Traffic Management Suite includes three separate but interlink-able platforms for Tolling, Ticketing and Parking solutions. 
We designed our Modern Traffic Management Systems on the concept of Resource Efficiency, Commercial Viability and 
Reliable Performance. 
To have Resource Efficient Solution, 
we must emphasis on a higher degree 
of Automation in Tolling Process. 
We combined Security, Ai – Based 
Vehicle classification and to provide a 
customized solution for tolling. Our in-
house ANPR/LPR Engine provides 
flexibility for Customization. 
 
 
Parking System 
Our SMART Parking Solution detects Parking 
Spaces with the help of CCTV Camera Inputs 
and optimize the Parking management 
process. 
By utilizing the CCTV camera input and with 
the help of AI Engine, we optimize the 
Project & Process cost efficiently. 
 
Tolling System 
To have Resource Efficient Solution, we must 
rely heavily on a higher degree of 
Automation in Tolling Process. 
We combined Security with Ai – Based 
Vehicle classification to provide a customized 
solution for tolling. Our in-house developed 
ANPR/LPR Engine provides flexibility for 
solution Customization. 
 
 
Ticketing System 
Ticketing Systems compliments our 
Indigenous Tolling system.  
With ANPR/LPR data our system processes 
and prints Ticket Automatically, reducing the 
Resources and Manpower by Automating the 
process. 
Our system can incorporate different E-
Payment & user Subscription plans 
 
Traffic Management Solutions 
All these Solutions are separately designed and work in a complete integrated manner. These can be implemented as a single 
suite OR Individual solutions. 
--- PAGE 10 ---
Tolling/Ticketing /Parking 
(Traffic Management Solutions) 
MTI  
Basic Tolling Platform 
MTI  
Ticketing Solution 
MTI  
Parking Solution 
ANPR / 
LPR 
Engines 
Languages 
&  
Printing  
Options 
AI  
Real-time 
Parking 
Monitor 
Our designed solutions are both 
Vertically & Horizontally Scalable, 
allowing better Customization and 
Upgrades on Where n When basis. 
 
Horizontally we can expand the 
feature set & Specifications to a 
particular Software platform. 
 
Whereas Vertical Expansions options 
allow end user to Add new Platform 
fully integrated with already 
operational setup, providing optimum 
Investment protection. 
Horizontal Expansion Possibilities 
Vertical Expansion Options 
Multiple 
Sites 
Multi-site 
Installation 
ANPR / 
LPR  
License plate 
Recognition 
Centralized 
Command &  
Control 
• Smart 
Reporting 
• Parking 
analytics 
 
• Parking Lot 
Safety 
• Optimized 
Occupancy 
• Traffic-flow 
Efficiency 
E-Payment 
Payment 
Gateways 
Subscriptions 
Modules for 
User 
Subscription 
plan 
--- PAGE 11 ---
Tolling/Ticketing /Parking 
(Traffic Management Solutions) 

--- PAGE 12 ---
MTI Software Solutions & Platforms 
Track IT 
(Visitors Management & Personals Tacking Solutions) 
Conceptual Background: 
With Advancement of technologies, the need of Security and Surveillance apparatus has also evolved to whole new level. Efficiency and 
accuracy are of paramount requirements of effectively handling such incidences and possible threats. 
 
What can happen in 1 minute? 
A situation can unravel faster than you think in an urban environment 
2 Floors covered at walking speed 
19 People leave/enter a venue 
48 Meters run by a fleeing suspect 
1500 Meters travelled by a suspect on motorbike 
36000 Images taken by 50 cameras 
Only a brisk, accurate and efficient AI – Powered reliable solution can ensure complete control under such circumstances. 

--- PAGE 13 ---
MTI Software Solutions & Platforms 
Track IT 
(Visitors Management & Personals Tacking Solutions) 
Our Track IT – Visitor Management & Personal Tracking Solution is a software suits that is designed to integrate multiple unconnected 
Security applications, enable automation of workflows and processes and provide control over devices through  A unified user experience. 
 
Visitors & Personal Management Solutions provides forehand visit registration, ID verification, Badges and customized internal Notification. 
 
Our Ai enabled solutions offer streamlined services, ongoing visitor data tracking, and additional features for improved visibility and informed 
decision making. 
 
Our Face recognition identifies the unique features of the human face and them makes a comparison based on the existing database of 
photographs. Sensors detect and identify face shapes by the color of the iris, nose shape, and so on. 

--- PAGE 14 ---
MTI Software Solutions & Platforms 
Track IT 
(Visitors Management & Personals Tacking Solutions) 
--- PAGE 15 ---
MTI Software Solutions & Platforms 
Track IT 
(Visitors Management & Personals Tacking Solutions) 
--- PAGE 16 ---
MTI Software Solutions & Platforms 
Ai Analytics  
(Forensic Customized Solution) 
The power of Ai and Machine Learning opens a number of possibilities. 
 
Employing our Ai Analytical Proficiencies in Security solutions we incorporate features like Face recognition, Personal tracking, Vehicle tracking, 
Weapon detection solutions etc. 
 
MTI Software solutions provides Customized Industry-
Specific Mission Critical Solutions.  
 
One of the key aspects of these Innovative solutions is 
the capability of Integrating Diversified systems and 
Platforms for better performance and enhances 
operational efficiency. 
 
Which means our systems can be ‘Trained’ not only 
for Facial Recognition but for detection and 
understanding virtually any possible Threat, Object, 
Equipment, Vehicle etc. 

--- PAGE 17 ---
MTI Software Solutions & Platforms 
Ai Analytics  
(Forensic Customized Solution) 
For such sophisticated solutions, systems receives Inputs from several different sources, here comes the need of robust 
integration capabilities. We have expertise in all types of integration methods: 
Integration Services 
Components (ISC) 
Orchestration 
Application Programming 
Interfaces. A set of 
definitions and protocols to 
build and integrate 
application software. 
Automating Multiple Systems 
& their Components 
Non code-based live on a server 
Components for  connecting local 
management tools 
HTTP call backs. 
Event Triggered in a source system 
and to a destination system 

--- PAGE 18 ---
MTI Software Solutions & Platforms 
Ai Analytics  
(Forensic Customized Solution) 
--- PAGE 19 ---
Building Security System using  
Internal Movement Control System 
Facial Recognition 
The system matches the face of 
the person who opened the 
door with the recorded data to 
ensure that the person is the 
same as the card holder. In case 
of non-matching, an alert is 
sent to the administrator. 
Alert & Dispatches 
In case of unauthorized login 
attempts or face mismatch, the 
system sends an alert to the 
system administrator without 
hindering his basic tasks. 
Door control 
The system allows full 
control of the doors via the 
camera security system, 
providing ease and speed in 
responding to any events. 
Event Detection 
The system allows viewing the 
camera of each door before 
controlling it and reviewing 
the events associated with it, 
which enhances the system's 
efficiency in security 
management. 

--- PAGE 20 ---
Building Security System using  
Internal Movement Control System 

--- PAGE 21 ---
Safe City uses technology to help respond to the modern challenges of how to improve living standards, 
health, and financial prosperity for citizens. 
• Boost security and emergency response to protect citizens and help increase business opportunities. 
 
• Reduces the possibility of crime and provide an environment where people feel safe. 
 
• Enhances citizens’ experience and city decision-making. 
 
• Is an essential pillar supporting the future development of smart cities. 

--- PAGE 22 ---
Accountability 
improves transparency and service 
quality responding to changing 
political and social needs. 
5 FUNDAMENTALS OF SAFE CITIES 
Collaboration 
across departments, coordination of 
resources, and sharing information 
and tools. 
Connectivity 
between operational technologies and 
other IT systems. 
Sustainability 
achieved by improving the total cost of 
ownership (TCO) for technologies, the 
efficiency and productivity. 
Intelligence 
allows agencies to leverage data and 
information to make better, more informed 
decisions. 
--- PAGE 23 ---
Cyber Security Solutions 

--- PAGE 24 ---
Success Stories 

--- PAGE 25 ---
Strategic Leadership – KAYAN Project 
Geographic Location 
The project is located near the New Administrative Capital with a 
total area of ​​20 thousand acres inside the wall. The project is 
surrounded by walls with a total length of 42 km and 9 gates. 
Components of the Solution 
The Strategic Command includes a central area for the Armed 
Forces departments, an administrative area, hospitals, housing 
and service areas, buildings for dealing with the public, a military 
academy, strategic warehouses, and other buildings. 

--- PAGE 26 ---
Strategic Leadership – KAYAN Project 
• Executed on 2 phases 
• Phase 1 already delivered 
• Phase 2 in under execution 
• Covering  
• Fences, gates and Entrances. 
• Parking areas. 
• All buildings and facilities 
• Solutions provided 
• CCTV (40000) 
• Access control (27000) 
• ANPR (60) 
• Radar tracking (11 radars) 
• Multisensors (11 units) 
• Integration with 
• IoT Platform 
• BMS 
• GIS 
• Physical security 

--- PAGE 27 ---
Geographic Location 
The Al Hamra Port Security Enhancement Project aims to secure the port 
from external infiltration by land and sea using high-tech land and sea radars 
supported by day and thermal vision cameras. This comprehensive security 
technology will cover the port’s 2,800-meter-long border fence, crude oil 
tank areas, administrative areas, staff accommodation facilities, main 
warehouses, and gate entrances. 
Al Hamra Port Security Project 
Radar Systems 
Ground Radar 
2 ground radars with a coverage range of up to 3 km to secure the main gate facade and the 
area west of the gate. 
Marine Radars 
2 marine radars were installed to cover the sea border of the port with a range of up to 4 km. 
Marine Antenna (AIS Antenna) 
Advanced marine antenna radar to collect ship data with a coverage range of up to 10 km. 

--- PAGE 28 ---
System Details 
Outdoor & Indoor Cameras 
  81 2MP FullHD outdoor fixed 
cameras. 3 2MP FullHD indoor 
fixed cameras for full coverage of 
indoor and outdoor areas. 
PTZ Cameras 
40 PTZ cameras to provide 
flexibility in monitoring and 
wide coverage of vital areas 
in the port. 
Multi-Sensor 
Cameras 
3 Multi Sensor Camera 
Day/night vision + thermal lens 
to ensure effective monitoring 
in all weather conditions and 
times of the day. 
License Plate 
Recognition Cameras 
4 LPR cameras 
Reading license plates to enhance 
security and record the movement 
of vehicles entering and exiting the 
port. 
Control and monitoring of gates and fences: 
• Four gates on site for vehicle entry equipped with security means Road Blocker, Bollard, Sliding Gate. 
• Four gates for individual entry on site equipped with Turnstile gates. 
• Vehicle entry and exit gates equipped with RFID Reader devices to facilitate the entry and exit of 
known vehicles. 
• Electric deterrent fence on top of the fence along its entire length. 

--- PAGE 29 ---
These projects aim to secure Cairo International 
Airport from any external breach, improve EgyptAir 
security services, and secure some of the airports of 
the Egyptian Airports Company (Borg El Arab 
Airport) by implementing an advanced security 
system at the airport, in addition to comprehensive 
security coverage for EgyptAir offices and service 
buildings. 
Security Project for Cairo Int’l 
Airport, EgyptAir &  
Egyptian Airports Co. 

--- PAGE 30 ---
Cairo International Airport  
Integrated Security System 
1 Airport Perimeter Security 
The airport’s approximately 4,000-metre perimeter fences are 
secured using fixed and mobile night vision cameras. This ensures 
extensive visual surveillance throughout the facility, including vital 
areas and potential blind spots, thus maintaining a high level of 
security and supervision. 
2 Road and Parking Security 
The airport's main roads and parking areas are secured with the  
implementation of a License Plate Recognition (LPR) system. 
3 System Components 
The system has 700 cameras with an additional 800 cameras under 
construction. It also includes 19 Multi Sensor day/night vision 
cameras + thermal lens, 14 ground radars, and 54 LPR cameras for 
reading license plates. 
4 Egyptair Offices Security 
All EgyptAir offices and service buildings are covered with a total of 
9 locations. The system contains 1800 cameras for this purpose. 

--- PAGE 31 ---
Security and Safety System at  
Burj Al Arab Airport 
CCTV System 
The system includes 726 cameras to cover all parts of the airport, ensuring 
comprehensive and effective monitoring of all vital areas. 
Access control system 
Access control system has been installed at 52 strategic points within the 
airport, enhancing security and ensuring precise control of personnel 
movement. 
Fire Alarm System 
To ensure the safety of passengers and workers, a fire alarm system has 
been installed with 1,500 sensors strategically distributed throughout the 
airport. 

--- PAGE 32 ---
National Roads Company - WATANYA 
Toll Gates Management 
The purpose of this project is to 
enhance the management, safety and 
operating efficiency of toll stations along 
eight expressways by implementing 
advanced technologies. 
Improved Security and Traffic  
Management 
The project aims to facilitate toll station 
operations, improve security, enhance 
traffic management, and provide a 
seamless experience for highway 
travellers. 
Project implementation in stages 
The project was implemented in four 
phases, and includes multiple collection 
stations along the eight expressways. 
Ticketing System 
An advanced ticketing and collection 
system has been implemented to manage 
and secure the collection of fees on 
vehicles passing through toll stations. This 
system aims to improve overall efficiency 
and reduce congestion at toll stations on 
highways. 
Advances Traffic Management 
400 LPR cameras 
To read license plates, enhancing traffic 
management and vehicle tracking. 
 
160 microwave links 
To establish reliable communication links between 
different toll stations and control centers, enabling 
real-time data transfer and communication for 
operations management. 
Monitoring and Control Systems 
• 900 cameras for comprehensive road 
coverage. In addition, an access control 
system has been installed. 
 
• 400 strategic points to ensure security 
and control. 
Details of WATANYA Project 

--- PAGE 33 ---
Suez Canal Tunnels Payment and Security System 
Improvement in Tunnel Management & Operations 
The purpose of this project is to improve the management and 
operation of subway toll stations by implementing advanced 
technologies for monitoring, access control, automatic vehicle 
identification, ticketing and collection system, and vehicle classification 
using artificial intelligence. 
Enhance security and efficiency 
The project aims to enhance security and safety, improve the efficiency of 
toll collection, and improve traffic flow within the tunnels and associated 
stations. 
Improvement in the passenger experience 
Facilitate toll station operations, improve security, enhance traffic 
management, and provide a seamless experience for highway 
travellers. 

--- PAGE 34 ---
Olympic City 
Safe and Secure Environment 
The project aims to provide a safe 
and secure environment for 
visitors and fans within the sports 
city. This ensures a positive and 
risk-free experience for all 
participants in sporting events. 
 
Improving management and 
operation 
In addition, the project focuses on 
improving the management and 
operation of the various facilities 
and installations in the sports city. 
This includes developing integrated 
systems to ensure efficiency in all 
aspects of operation. 
• The system includes 6000 cameras for comprehensive coverage of the sports city. 
• Access control system was installed at 400 strategic points. 
• 40 LPR cameras were installed to read license plates. 
• Internet of Things (IoT) Platform: to enable communication and automatic control between different devices and systems 
within the sports city. 
• Geographic Information System (GIS): to monitor and analyze geographical data and integrate with operation and 
maintenance systems. 

--- PAGE 35 ---
 
Project scope: 
 
Supply and operation of electro-optical 
surveillance system, radars, sensors and 
communication systems to secure the 
navigation channel for the benefit of the 
Suez Canal security 
Suez Canal Security Project 

--- PAGE 36 ---
Administrative Capital –  
Command and Control Center 
The Administrative Capital (ACUD) is a landmark project in modern Egyptian history. 
The project has transformed the administrative arm of the Egyptian government. 
The project includes a fully operational command and control center with 
integration with security agencies and utility infrastructure. Some of the notable 
scope of works: 
• Control Room Infrastructure 
• Security Devices and Equipment 
• Information and Communication Technology (ICT) Infrastructure 
• Integration of Road and Square Monitoring Solutions 
• Display Screens of Operating Systems through the Central Control Room of the 
Egyptian Police 
 Working 
Mechanism 
System structure: 

--- PAGE 37 ---
Capital Administrative Citizens Control and Services Center (COC) 
Project Details: 
 
Providing a complete solution for managing the system of 
billboards and communicating with the public in all the 
capital's roads 
 
The project includes: 
• Operation and management programs 
• Digital Signage 
• Training and after-sales support 

--- PAGE 38 ---
Multinational Forces & Observers (MFO)  
The Multinational Force (MFO) oversees the international 
peacekeeping organization established by Egypt and Israel. 
 
The project included a centralized access control system. 
The aim was to centrally manage, operate and maintain the 
ACS for the multinational force. The project was 
implemented by MTI in collaboration with Gunnebo 
Technical Solutions. 

--- PAGE 39 ---
Ministry of Communications and Information  
Technology MCIT 
The MCIT project includes complete security and 
surveillance solutions.  
 
The project has been expanded to include 4 MCIT 
sites in Smart Village and the main headquarters in 
Mohandessin. 
 

--- PAGE 40 ---
Production Facilities  

--- PAGE 41 ---

--- PAGE 42 ---
Contact Information 
Address:  
1345, Kornish El Nile 
Street, Cairo, 
Egypt.  
 
URL: www.mtiholding.net 
Phone: +20 2 2205 5555 
Fax: +20 2 2225 5545 
Email: info@mtiholding.net 

--- PAGE 43 ---
Thank You 

